>>REPORTER: No one has seen
Deorr since Friday afternoon.
>>JESSICA MITCHELL: We
didn't hear people around us.
We didn't see anybody.
>>DEORR KUNZ, SR.: Because
it's such a small area.
That's what a lot of people,
they don't understand.
They assume, how could you let
your kid out of your sight?
This area is pretty
well blocked in,
and you can see-- there's no
way you couldn't not see them.
>>REPORTER: Crews in the air, on
ATVs, on horseback, and on foot
have been searching for Deorr.
>>MITCHELL: This is his blanket.
He doesn't go anywhere
without his blanket, his cup,
or his monkey, and
all three of them
were left at the campground.
>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
And in our last program
with David Paulides,
the researcher and author, one
of his books, "Missing 411,"
we talked about people who have
just vanished, disappeared.
Yes, a few of them have
been found dead, as well,
but it's a riveting,
shocking story.
And I've got to
tell you, David, I'm
not sure I would want to take my
family through a national park
after talking to you and
reading "Missing 411."
>>DAVID PAULIDES:
You know, George, one
of the things that I do
when I talk to groups
is I tell them I'm a big
advocate of the National Park
System.
I go all the time, but there's
a couple things I won't do.
I won't go alone, and I
always carry a firearm.
I always carry a
personal transponder.
And if you're taking kids,
keep your kids in front of you,
and always keep them in sight.
>>NOORY: Good
insight, now, we just
saw a clip of a horrible
situation in Idaho
where a family has lost in the
park system their two-year-old.
Tell us a little bit
more about what we know.
>>PAULIDES: So this family, the
last name was the Kunz family,
they were camping in a rural
area in a US National Forest.
And the husband and
the wife thought
that they were leaving
the two-year-old
with the grandparents, and they
were going to go for a hike.
The grandmother said that
literally she turned around,
and the boy was
gone, two years old.
There's a creek
that runs nearby.
The sheriff came in,
and he said a couple
of times he was 100% positive
the boy wasn't in the creek.
>>NOORY: Was not in the creek.
>>PAULIDES: They searched
it, walked up and down it.
Now, nearby,
there's a reservoir.
They've searched the
reservoir three times
with divers and
sonar, et cetera.
I don't know what they
think at this point.
But it's an unusual
situation because there's
a steep valley that surrounds
this reservoir and camping
area, and I do believe
that the searchers don't
think that the boy could
get outside that valley.
Now, that's not to
say it can't happen.
>>NOORY: We've
both been parents.
We know what it's like
to watch little kids.
They're fast.
>>PAULIDES: They are
very fast, but there
are some stories
in the books that
talk about a small
two-year-old that disappears
in an area east of
Bridgeport, California,
in the Eastern Sierras.
This was in the late 1950s, and
the boy, almost exact scenario
as this one, except this
boy disappeared almost
in the presence of his parents.
And what happened,
searchers came in.
They said he's not in the lake.
He's not in the valley.
That meant there's only one
place to go, and that's up.
And this is a straight up wall
with a series a switchbacks.
And as you stand
on the switchback,
you would look down in the
valley and see the campsite
and see everything.
And they brought in
some Marines that
were at high-altitude,
low-temperature training
in the Eastern Sierras, and
a couple of these Marines
just took off on a
hunch on their own.
3,000 feet above
the valley floor,
over one mountain, down
a valley, and up another
and in a boulder
area, they found
this boy naked, deceased--
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>PAULIDES: --five days later.
Now, every Search
and Rescue person
I've talked to off the record
said there's no way that boy--
>>NOORY: He couldn't
get up there on his own.
>>PAULIDES: That's
my personal feelings.
>>NOORY: Did they
ever find his clothes?
>>PAULIDES: Not that was
in any report I read.
>>NOORY: Strange.
>>PAULIDES: Very.
>>NOORY: There's something
else going on here.
>>PAULIDES: Well,
in the last couple
weeks, last couple months, we've
been in several national parks.
And we sit back,
and we're filming,
and people don't really
know what we're filming.
But you watch the families
with these young kids,
and I think they enter
the park with the belief
that it's Yogi the Bear.
Everything's fine.
This is solitude.
It's serenity, no dangers here.
And, unfortunately,
the truth behind
that is 99.9% of the time,
it's probably totally true.
But every once in a
while, something very,
very bizarre and
strange happens,
and these people disappear
and aren't found.
And I'm not talking just
on very rural trails.
I'm talking about on some of
the main trails inside the park.
There's a man named
George Penca disappeared
on one of the biggest trails
in Yosemite two years ago,
and I know some of the people
that were involved with that.
And they said, there's
no way that guy
could have disappeared.
He was a robust man,
not in terrific shape.
He wasn't going to go
anywhere off the trail.
He vanished, and to this
day, they've never found him.
So I think it can happen
very, very quickly,
and I can just only imagine the
grief that some of the parents
would have felt. And,
again, interviewing
some of those parents in
the last couple months,
that grief never leaves you.
>>NOORY: It doesn't leave you.
But you would think that you
would hear screams, yells,
help me, none of that.
>>PAULIDES: No, every
once in a while,
there will be a small shriek.
But, again, a lot of times, it
can't be attributed directly
to the victim.
It's just something that
happens in conjunction
with the disappearance,
and sometimes it's
not even in that exact area that
they believed that their son
or daughter was in.
So I'm not even sure
if it's related,
but they report it sometimes.
>>NOORY: Does this
story scare you?
I mean, you've been uncovering
it for a number of years now.
>>PAULIDES: So I can say
that my own behavior has
changed just a little.
Like, I will not go
in the woods alone.
>>NOORY: Because of this story
that you've been uncovering?
>>PAULIDES: Correct.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAULIDES: I will always
carry a personal transponder.
And I tell people, I
don't care who you are.
And I know Les Stroud,
Survivorman, personally,
and I don't think he
would go into the woods
without a personal transponder.
So I can say that it's a
foolish thing not to do that.
If you can't afford one, almost
every sporting goods outdoor
store will rent one to
you for $5 to $10 a day.
>>NOORY: That's smart.
>>PAULIDES: So carry that.
If you're proficient with a
firearm, I always carry a gun.
Carry that.
And always tell a
close friend where
you're going to go in, when
you're going to come out.
And if you're not out by a
certain day, you tell them.
>>NOORY: Well, what's
happening to me, based
on what I've read
with your book,
"Missing 411" and stories
we've talked about on "Coast
to Coast" is that there's no
gun involved by an individual.
Somebody would have heard it.
If you shoot off a .44
caliber or a rifle,
somebody's going to
hear that, especially
echoing through a park.
That's not being done, is that?
Have we heard any cases of
gunshots in the background?
>>PAULIDES: Not that
I can recall, no.
>>NOORY: Now, if the individual
has a gun, you don't hear that,
trying to protect themselves,
trying to shoot at something.
It happens like that.
>>PAULIDES: It does.
Now, in preface to that
statement that you just
made, a lot of the times the
hunters that disappeared,
they're always alone.
So I don't know if
the gunshot would
be heard if it was
a defense shot,
but more hunters on the
bow-hunting side of the fence
than the firearms side
of the defense disappear,
meaning for some reason
bow hunting seems to be
a more dangerous thing to do.
Now, these aren't
predator attacks,
meaning bear, mountain
lion, et cetera.
And at the times where
their clothing is found,
there's no evidence of that.
>>NOORY: They'd
be torn to shreds.
>>PAULIDES: There
would be evidence.
>>NOORY: A bear doesn't
conveniently unbutton you.
>>PAULIDES: No, or roll up your
belt buckle or fold your pants.
>>NOORY: And put your
shoes by your pants, yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Exactly.
>>NOORY: That doesn't happen.
>>PAULIDES: No, so there
are those instances where
remains are found.
There was a case here
in Northern Colorado.
A boy named Jaryd
Atadero disappeared.
His dad told a group
of singles people
that they could take his son to
the fish hatchery a mile away.
And unbeknownst
to the dad, Allyn,
this group of young
adults decided
that they were going to go walk
a trail and never told the dad
and took Jocelyn and Jaryd
on this walk up this trail.
They were single people.
They didn't that you're supposed
to watch kids real close.
Jaryd ran ahead of
the group, walked up,
and saw a couple fisherman.
And Jaryd asked the fishermen,
are there any bear around here?
And the fishermen
got upset and said,
there's no bear around here.
And he was hitting the
water with a stick,
and they told him, hey.
Don't do that.
>>NOORY: Chasing
the fish away, yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
Now, you and I,
being dads, if we
saw that kid in the middle
of nowhere, walking along,
I'd grab the kids and say,
you sit down right here
and you wait for your guardian.
They let this kid go.
Jaryd walked on.
He was never seen alive again.
>>NOORY: Not smart.
>>PAULIDES: Now, four
years later and 600 feet up
the trail-- I've been on this
trail 20 times-- and my son
and I went up to
that location to film
where his remains were found.
And, George, I can tell you.
I've never made a
tougher climb in my life.
It was probably 70
degrees almost straight up
for 600 feet.
>>NOORY: Exhausting.
>>PAULIDES: Exhausting,
and at the top
and in this boulder-ridden
area, they found his skull cap,
and they found one tooth
sitting on top of a log.
>>NOORY: One tooth?
>>PAULIDES: And
then they his shoes,
sweatshirt, and his pants.
Now, imagine the scenario that--
>>NOORY: Four years later?
>>PAULIDES: Four years later,
four winters in Colorado,
they turn all the evidence
over to the Colorado
Bureau of Investigation.
And I have held the shoes.
George, they look brand
new, like they were never
sitting outside.
>>NOORY: Never weathered.
>>PAULIDES: And then the
pants were turned inside out.
And the sweatshirt
he was wearing still
had vibrant colors,
but the sweatshirt,
the pants, the shoes,
there was no blood on them.
Now, I've interviewed
Allyn, his dad.
>>NOORY: And they didn't
look like they were out
in the weather for four years?
>>PAULIDES: No,
not in the least.
>>NOORY: It's as if
something brought it back,
maybe within days.
>>PAULIDES: That's to
me what it looks like.
>>NOORY: You can't
keep clothes out there
in Colorado for four
years without it
looking like somebody was
in a mud wrestling contest.
>>PAULIDES: Well, then
you think about the wind
and the rain and the snow.
>>NOORY: Oh, it's dirty outside.
>>PAULIDES: You think it
would have been blown off.
>>NOORY: Yeah, right?
>>PAULIDES: So in speaking to
Allyn and interviewing him,
he said one thing my son never
did is he never tied his shoes.
He was a little boy.
And I've talked to a lot of
people, and I don't understand.
If a mountain lion
had grabbed him
or a bear had grabbed him
and drug him up that hill,
there's no way those shoes
would have stayed on his feet.
The clothing was presented to
four different mountain lion
experts, and each of
them said, there's
no way a mountain
lion killed that boy.
There would've been blood
all over the clothing.
His garments would have
been torn to shreds.
That wasn't the scenario.
>>NOORY: Shocking.
You know what we don't
talk a lot about--
and we're going to get into
some of these case studies
in a minute-- is the grief that
the parents are going through.
Have you done some followups
with some of the parents years
later?
Has their life changed?
Are they never the same?
What is happening to them?
>>PAULIDES: That is the part
that is just unbelievable to me
is that, again, as
a parent, I always
had heartache when
I didn't see my son
or daughter under
scenarios I should
have for just a few seconds.
It happens so quickly that
I think that sometimes
our emotions just take over.
But imagine if your son or
daughter had disappeared,
and it's now 15 years later.
>>NOORY: No closure, no closure.
>>PAULIDES: No closure, no help,
no assistance, no explanation,
and people just want to
wash their hands of it
and walk away.
And that is a
recurring scenario.
I don't care what country you're
in, that is what's happening.
>>NOORY: Do these
parents speculate on what
they think might have happened?
>>PAULIDES: So in the case of
the little boy, Jaryd Atadero--
Allyn, his dad, is a
teacher in Colorado.
And I've interviewed
him many times,
and he has a very open mind
because he knows a couple
things.
He knows a mountain lion or
a bear did not kill his son.
He has a difficult time
believing that that clothing
was out there for four years.
He got a phone call right in
the middle of this big search
effort, maybe two weeks into
it, by somebody saying that they
were from the Sheriff's Office,
and they were withholding
information from you.
And he said, I hope you
find the truth someday,
and they hung up.
>>NOORY: Huh, that's weird.
>>PAULIDES: Very weird,
and Allyn's told me
before, it's bothered him,
you know, 16, 17 years later.
And he and I have some
really good discussions.
He read my book.
He contacted me,
and he said, Dave,
you're one of the few guys who
was willing to tell the truth
and tell the whole story.
And he said, you
know, a lot of people
just want to think
it's something natural.
The local press
will just say, oh,
it's a mountain lion attack.
>>NOORY: A mountain
lion or a disappearance,
wandered off and died,
the elements got him.
>>PAULIDES: Exactly,
and he said few
want to get in and know the
facts and hear from experts.
Now, in our documentary, we're
going to present those experts
and let the facts be known.
Let people decide on
their own what's going on.
>>NOORY: Geez, are you close
with any of the family members?
>>PAULIDES: Several, yeah, and
when we first got into this--
I believe in something.
And I believe in not replicating
other people's research
in pain and agony.
I contacted a couple of
missing person's organizations,
explained to them what I
was going to do, and I said,
help me out.
I don't want to step
on any landmines
that you've stepped on.
And one of the
things they said is
that if you're going to write
a book about disappearances,
don't be proactive
in reaching out
to the victims
and their families
because they may feel
as though they're
being revictimized
by you writing
a book about their event.
So we've been very
careful about that.
>>NOORY: Sensitive,
very sensitive.
>>PAULIDES: One of the
things that I won't do
is I won't be proactive and
contact a victim unless they've
contacted me.
If they've contacted
us and initiated that,
I'll go introduce myself.
Every time that's happened,
that has been very rewarding
on my end because of
getting to know them.
They're good people.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about some of the cases
of these disappearing
people, David.
How about Larry DeWayne Krebbs?
>>PAULIDES: He was at Lake
Texoma in southern Oklahoma,
a little boy, two years
old, with his dad camping
on the weekend.
And they were out
middle of the afternoon
one day collecting firewood,
and the little boy, his dad
said was just eight
paces behind him.
He could hear him.
>>NOORY: This desk
is four feet long.
So you just double it.
That's nothing.
>>PAULIDES: Not far,
and you wouldn't
call that negligent either,
I mean, we've all done that.
>>NOORY: Of course, and you
turn around, you turn around.
>>PAULIDES: Yeah,
well, his dad said
he turned around at one point,
and his son wasn't there.
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>PAULIDES: And Search
and Rescue came in,
and they searched.
And they said that they
followed a series of prints
behind his dad's that walked
into a puddle of water,
and that was it.
And the puddle of water
was a couple inches deep.
It wasn't big.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it
wasn't like a hole.
>>PAULIDES: No, and a
massive search found nothing.
And to this day, Larry's
never been found.
>>NOORY: So little
two-year-old prints leading up
to a puddle and then nothing.
>>PAULIDES: Nothing.
So imagine law enforcement.
>>NOORY: How do
you explain this?
>>PAULIDES: Imagine law
enforcement or Search
and Rescue, never worked a case
like that before, sees that.
Obviously, at the
beginning, your focus
is going to be on the dad.
And after you exclude him--
>>NOORY: And you realize the
dad is in tremendous mourning.
He's in shock.
>>PAULIDES: Oh, yeah, and
then imagine you're the dad,
and law enforcement
is looking at you.
>>NOORY: But you've
got to understand that.
>>PAULIDES: Hopefully, you do.
>>NOORY: You know, I would.
I mean, I would.
As upset as I would be for
them even to question it,
you have to understand that
you're the first suspect.
You're the last
one to see the kid.
>>PAULIDES: Right, it's a
hard line for law enforcement
to walk, and it's even a
harder line for the parents.
But having that belief system,
what you just explained,
would be perfect for getting law
enforcement passed that point.
But, yeah, Larry's
never been found.
>>NOORY: Logic tells you
that the kid was picked up,
picked up and disappeared.
He obviously didn't walk around.
There was no scuffle.
There weren't serial killer
people or sickos or cults.
You would've seen all that.
He would have heard that.
>>PAULIDES: And, again,
you would have found
tracks on the ground.
There would've
been a scent trail.
And even under that
scenario, he couldn't
have gone in the ground because
the water was still there.
>>NOORY: Lindsay Page,
Eloise Lindsay Page.
>>PAULIDES: That is one
of the more unusual stores
along the Appalachian
Trail in South Carolina.
She was in Table
Rock State Park.
And I've written a lot
about the Appalachian Trail.
There's a lot of
really unusual things
that have happened there and a
lot of strange disappearances
all along there.
She was an older lady.
I think she was
in her early 20s,
going to do a hike of 43 miles.
And she was well prepared,
lots of experience.
She was going to get picked
up I think seven to eight days
after her drop off point.
Well, she wasn't there
for the pick-up point.
Her story is that about
three days into it,
there were a series of men
that were following her
and harassing her on the trail.
Now, when you just take
it at that point, hey,
maybe it's happened.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>PAULIDES: This
went on for days,
and eventually, 14,
18 days, a hunter
finds her cowering in the woods.
>>NOORY: Cowering, she's alive.
>>PAULIDES: Alive,
they bring her out,
and she tells this story
that these men followed her,
harassed her.
She dumped her backpack.
She got rid of everything.
And then she eventually
went to the hospital.
The interesting part
of the story to me
isn't what she said
because she never
explained exactly what she saw.
But when her mom was
interviewed, her mom said,
I'm not sure what really
happened to my daughter
in the woods, and I don't
really know for sure what
my daughter saw in the woods.
>>NOORY: Huh, like she was not
accepting the story of the men?
>>PAULIDES: Or her
daughter obviously
wasn't comfortable in
telling the whole story.
But that scenario of the men
along the Appalachian Trail,
there's been many
disappearances there
over the years where people
are just never found.
There's a woman named
Geraldine Largay
that was in Maine, that was
walking the entire Appalachian
Trail.
And every day, or every
two days, her husband
would resupply her.
She was 66 years old, I
think, maybe a little older,
phenomenal shape.
She called her husband all
the time, one day didn't call.
Massive search,
Maine Warden Service
threw everything at that
search, and even the wardens
said they couldn't believe
they didn't find anything
of her, still never been found.
That was a real troubling one.
The other real troubling
one occurred in the '60s.
Dennis Martin, him,
his dad, his grandpa--
>>NOORY: Little kid, again?
>>PAULIDES: Oh,
yeah, six years old.
>>NOORY: Yeah, something
about little kids.
>>PAULIDES: Little kids.
And they were on Spence Field
in Great Smoky Mountain National
Park.
And there's a lot of
strange parts to this story.
And as they were camped in this
area, a family walks up to them
and introduced
themselves and says, hey,
can our kids play together?
Sure, that'd be great.
And he reaches out and shakes
Mr. Martin's hand and goes,
um, our names are
the Martins, too.
Now, that's pretty--
what would be the odds?
>>NOORY: Odds are high.
You've got a kid.
Your name is Martin.
It's like a doppelganger
or something, you know?
>>PAULIDES: Yeah,
and so Mr. Martin
says that he sees Dennis-- they
start playing hide and seek--
sees Dennis go behind
a tree just a few feet
off the Appalachian Trail.
They're playing hide and
seek for 50 seconds, nothing,
everyone's supposed to come out.
Dennis doesn't come out.
And Mr. Martin said, I knew,
Dave, something was wrong.
I ran right to the tree.
Dennis wasn't there.
Mr. Martin was a
long-distance runner.
He ran for two miles, nonstop,
down the Appalachian Trail.
>>NOORY: All over the place.
>>PAULIDES: Just straight down
the trail because he figured
that's the only place--
>>NOORY: That's the only way
you're going to go, right?
>>PAULIDES: Right,
so he comes back.
His dad runs down, gets rangers.
This is one of those scenarios
where it started at about 4:30
that afternoon.
It started to rain.
It rained nonstop for two weeks.
Now, during that
two-week period,
the Park Service threw
everything at it.
They not only threw
everything they could at it,
but they also called in the
Green Berets, reportedly.
>>NOORY: Wow, that's
heavy hitting.
>>PAULIDES: I get a case file.
It's about two inches
thick on this incident,
from the Park Service.
One of the times, they complied.
And in that report, it
never says anywhere,
anywhere in any of
those reports, who
called the Green Berets.
Now, Dwight McCarter
was the head tracker
for the Park Service when
he retired in that region.
And I asked Dwight.
I said, so, Dwight,
who called them?
He says, I don't know, Dave.
And I said, so was
there anything unusual?
Oh, yeah, he says,
when the Green Berets
came in, they set up a camp
away from everybody else.
They set up their own
communication system.
They supposedly had
never been in the park.
And they said the
Park Service offered
to partner a few of
them with one of theirs
because they knew the park.
Green Berets said,
no, we'll work alone.
And Dwight said that they
never talked to them.
They never dealt with them.
They were there a week.
They flew in in helicopters,
left in helicopters.
No one ever took responsibility
of who called them.
Now, as this is
going on, there's
a family that enters the
park, and their last name
is the Key family,
K-E-Y. Now, what's
interesting about that
is that this is what
I think the key to the case.
They ask a ranger where
they could go to see bear.
The ranger sends them
to this area called
Rowans Creek in the park.
It's about two or three
miles from Spence Meadows,
where the Martin family
was at, and it's downhill.
They go into the
Rowans Creek area.
They walk in on
this rural trail,
and they kind of get
split up a little bit.
And the dad and
his sons are ahead.
And as they're walking up,
they hear this, in their words,
sickening, loud scream.
>>NOORY: Finally, we hear
a sound from something.
>>PAULIDES: Correct.
Now, this is hours after
Dennis disappeared,
but they didn't know
anything happened.
And their 12-year-old
boy looks up on the hill,
and he says, Dad, look at that.
A bear is running
around on the hill.
Mr. Key looks up on the hill and
says, son, that's not a bear.
That's a man.
And he says, really?
And they didn't get
a good view of it
because it kept
hiding behind trees.
So they watch it
for a little bit.
They never see a bear, so
they ended up going back.
They didn't know anything
happened that day.
They leave.
They go home.
And the next day in
the Knoxville Times,
a headline is this
boy disappears.
They think they should
contact the park.
They do, and by this
time, an FBI agent
is on scene
monitoring the search,
but not participating,
according to them.
He's monitoring.
So the FBI and an investigator
from the Park Service
take the call.
The Key family says, hey,
we'll come to the park
and show you exactly
where we were
at when we saw it, which
as a former investigator,
that's exactly what I'd want.
I'd want to see
their perspective.
Well, what happened is
that they told them,
don't come to the park.
We'll meet you.
Well, Mr. Martin
had an agreement
with all the investigators
that anything they heard,
he would immediately know.
He was never told
about this for weeks
later until a reporter from
the Knoxville Times came to him
and said, do you
know about this?
He said he blew his lid.
>>NOORY: He should have.
>>PAULIDES: But the FBI
told the Key family, hey,
it's impossible.
It's not related.
He told the FBI.
He told the press.
It's not related.
Don't worry about.
Well, the press
didn't believe it.
So they go to Dwight
McCarter, the tracker.
And since the FBI agent
said it's impossible,
the timing doesn't work,
McCarter told Mr. Martin,
let's make the walk together.
Let's see how far we can go.
McCarter proved it could
be, it could happen.
The timing could work.
Well, myself and another
investigator went to Knoxville.
We went right to Mr. Martin's
house, knocked on the door,
and met the man.
And this was about four years
ago, and I explained who I was.
And I explained, Mr. Martin,
there's probably nobody
else you know of that knows
as much about your son's
disappearance as you and me.
And I just want to ask a
little bit of your time.
And I could see his
wife in the next room,
and he said, Dave, we
spend a lifetime trying
to get this behind us.
I agreed I wouldn't talk
to anybody else about it
because it's caused
me nothing but grief.
I said, give me 15
minutes, please.
I came all the way from
California for this.
He says, OK.
He steps outside.
George, in all my
career, I don't
know if I've had a tougher
conversation with anybody.
He said that there's
so much about the story
that the press won't talk about.
And he said, Dave, thank you for
taking the time to understand,
but I can't tell
you how much I'm
disturbed by the Park Service
and the newspaper and the press
not telling the truth and trying
to hide the truth from me.
And he said, the part
about the Key family.
And I said, yeah.
And he says, do you
know what they never
would put in the paper and they
would never put in a report?
And I said, what's that?
You know what they
saw on the hill?
I said, yeah.
It was carrying something
on its shoulder.
He said, I talked
to the Key family.
The newspapers wouldn't
put that in the newspaper.
And he goes, did you find that
in any Park Service report?
I said, there was nothing--
>>NOORY: It was the little
boy on the shoulders
of whatever that was.
>>PAULIDES: Well,
there's nothing
in that two inches of
document about the Key family
observation.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>PAULIDES: And I asked
him, what else is there
I should know about this case?
This is after 15, 20 minutes,
and Mr. Martin said, well,
do you know that FBI agent
that was on the scene?
I said, yeah, he was
on the scene for all
the disappearances in Smoky
Mountain National Park
and the other nine
disappearances I documented
in the area.
He was that agent.
Because you know
what happened to him?
I said, no.
He says, he committed suicide.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>PAULIDES: And about
a month later, we
confirmed he committed suicide.
>>NOORY: What an
unbelievable story.
David, you keep
doing what you're
doing, all right,
because somebody's
got to watch this story.
Thank you much for being on.
>>PAULIDES: My pleasure, George.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: These
stories are probably
the scariest I have ever heard
in my 46 years of broadcasting,
uncovered by a man will
not give up until he gets
these answers, David Paulides.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."